●
Hi
Today my friend Ashley is coming over
I am showing her my new apartment
Oh, that's Ashley calling
Hi Ashley
Hi Anna
I'm coming to your apartment
●●●
●●
●
My apartment is near the Columbia Heights metro
It is near the Columbia Heights metro
●●●
●●
●
Yes
Exit the metro and turn right
Then at the bus station turn left then walk straight ahead
Okay
Exit metro, turn right, turn left then go straight ahead
●●●
●●
●
Yes, my apartment is near a coffee shop
Okay, see you soon
●●●
●●
●
Hi Ashley
Hello Ana
Which coffee shop? There are three coffee shops
Okay
My apartment is across from a big department store
A big department store
Ah, I see it
●●●
●●
●
Okay, bye Ashley
See you soon
Okay, see you soon
Ashley
Over here
Donna
Hi
Ok
I love having my friends over
Come on
Hey